chore: add instruction for migrate JupyterLab Classic to Current (#50)
ibm-skills-network/author-workbench-knowledgebase: docs/labs/upgrade-jupyterlab.md

# Upgrading to the Latest Version of JupyterLab

> Follow these steps to upgrade your JupyterLab Classic to JupyterLab Current:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to upgrade your JupyterLab Classic lab to JupyterLab Current:
```

> 1. **Open Your Lab:** Begin by launching your lab detail page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Open Your Lab:** Begin by clicking on your lab in Author Workbench to view its details page.
```

2. **Locate the Version Tab:** In the lab, find and click on the "Version" Tab. Refer to the image below for guidance:
![Version Tab](/img/labs/lab-version-tab.png)

3. **Go to Settings:** Click on the "Settings" option within the Version Tab area.
![Setting](/img/labs/lab-settings.png)

4. **Choose JupyterLab Version:** Find the section where you can select the lab version. Choose "JupyterLab Current" as shown in the image:
![Choose Lab Version](/img/labs/choose-newtool.png)

5. **Update Lab Version:** Click on the "Update Lab Version" button to apply the upgrade to the JupyterLab Current.

> By completing these steps, your JupyterLab Classic will be successfully updated to the JupyterLab Current.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By completing these steps, your JupyterLab Classic lab will be successfully updated to JupyterLab Current! Please make sure to test your lab after updating and make any necessary adjustments.
```
